well the third fourth place match is
done I am here at the Boston Garden with
coverage presented by mobile it exceed
our Shawn after an easy 304 you guys
first off did you expect it to be that
easy yeah I kinda had a feeling gonna be
that easy after our preparation the
night before and I felt like if we had
done that for our immortals match and be
matched those definitely would have went
better so I felt pretty confident going
into our dig match wait talk to me about
this preparation what was it that
happened the preparation that allowed
you to do so well on stage I think we
just kind of all got on the same page
about how we wanted to play as a team
and then we kind of covered every single
scenario and draft and then we also had
some beast s level one so they just we
just caught them unaware and I feel like
they were also very unprepared and draft
and their gameplay so it was just a
pretty easy one honestly for you
personally you know kind of on this
topic what is it about yourself and
maybe even your team as a whole that you
think gives you an edge whenever you get
on stage for an event like this so I
think we definitely do have a lot of
experience we all understand exactly
what it takes to win and how to play on
a high level stage and so I feel like
being able to play in front of these the
crowd of thousands of people was like an
advantage for us I saw a lot of Steel G
fans actually and it was it felt great
to plan such a big stage and I feel like
along with aphromoo who I think just is
a really good leader he was able to make
the game even easier for us to play so I
feel like we kind of have the veteran
advantage as well yeah you know a lot of
people have been talking about Omar and
saying if he's a liability or whatever
there's been like all this question
about Omar how do you feel about him now
that you know several weeks in and after
today's today's match for sure yeah I
definitely think Omar has kind of been
stepping up every week and I actually
feel like going into like the enve
series and things like that he actually
was kind of he had picked up most of the
things he needed to know to play as a
team but we weren't playing well as a
team so Omar just looked even worse
because we weren't playing well as a
team and Omar is kind of like a rookie
on stage but I feel like we're really
able to play well as a team so Omar was
able to kind of show all the things he's
learned in the past few weeks and I
don't really think he's that much of a
liability I just think it was on all of
us and so I think if we just continue to
play like a team he'll continue to look
great now obviously a lot of emphasis
from you
the preparation that you went into or
that you put in today's match how about
on the Dignitas side do you feel like
they underperformed or were you
surprised all by their performance or do
you feel like this was generally what we
saw from them the rest of the split I I
think there's more to Dignitas than that
I feel like they honestly came in
underprepared and I think they would put
up a little bit more of a fight than
that and so I'm hoping like going to the
gauntlet match like what if I'm hoping
but it's I think they will definitely
put on a much stronger showing at
gauntlet and come in more prepared so I
think they'll definitely be harder to
beat the next time around and I just
don't think they were they're here to
play today so you already think that
they're gonna make it up to you guys you
don't think that because there's a
flight question yeah you can never bet
against fly quest on the gauntlet like
the sure a lot of people would you say
that but a lot of people would yeah I'd
rather play against dignify quest cuz
you never really know what to expect
with them so here's to hoping they can
toss you know picks it up a little bit
for gauntlet and beats like well you'd
rather face TIG than fly quest
definitely okay why cuz fly quest is
just like crazy gauntlet like runners
yeah like I said they just bust out
random random champions you have no idea
what they're gonna play and they just do
some crazy things and I feel like we
understand Dignitas really well so I
just rather not play against that
craziness I guess I get blamed me three
oh the team that you just 300 versus the
team that anything could happen I get
that how besides that how do you feel
about gauntlet cloud9 may be a little
intimidating or do you feel pretty
confident
well Dignitas did beat cloud nine 3-1
and i don't really feel like cloud 9 has
been playing that well towards on this
whit so I feel like it's a match that we
can win pretty convincingly if we come
in with the same preparation that we did
today but they're probably gonna be our
hardest opponent so I'm not gonna
underestimate them at all
fair enough now you you don't go back
until Monday right yeah yeah we don't
leave some Monday so you've got this
extra day are you gonna come watch the
games tomorrow are you gonna go out and
explore Boston like what are you guys
gonna do with that extra day I think I'm
gonna be doing like the double if
special on the analyst desk because I
didn't get to make the finals so come on
I'm on the desk so I'll see you guys
there very very good do you have any
predictions I mean I'm sure you'll give
these on the analyst test but any
prediction for tomorrow's match I'm also
looking forward to the doublelift
interview after the game so I think you
guys know what that means
I think TSM is going to win
but IMT I think smithy especially has
some pretty interesting and good pathing
and we've been scrubbing them so I think
it's gonna it's gonna be some pretty
hectic early games but I think TSM is
will be able to bounce back from that
because they're really good at picking
scaling comps and playing to those so I
think it's gonna be a TSM win but I
think immortals it's not too far off is
it emotional or hard for you to pick I
mean you've got former teammates on both
of these teams you're picking doublelift
over-pull been xmithie
like I mean I'm not sleeping on smoothie
or Pope I'm calling it a three-to-two
for TSM but I Iowa you know like I
always think TSM always shows up for
playoffs and they're they're probably
gonna win but III think it's like 60/40
okay safe bet sofa all right very good
is there anything that you want to say
to any of the CLG fans out there see you
guys at Worlds we're not gonna let you
down steel defense there we go thank you
so much for the interview looking
forward to seeing you hit those words to
action in the gauntlet next week for
everyone else you can check out the rest
of our coverage of all things LCS finals
gauntlet and all the way to Worlds here
on my youtube channel well if you
enjoyed that content please do me a
favor and check out MOBA lytx they're
all about making you better at League of
Legends there's a link down in the
description for you to click and check
them out